c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\BA.Clientes.exe.config
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\BA.Clientes.exe
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\BA.Clientes.pdb
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\obj\Debug\BA.Clientes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\obj\Debug\BA.Clientes.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\obj\Debug\BA.Clientes.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\obj\Debug\BA.Clientes.exe
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\obj\Debug\BA.Clientes.pdb
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\obj\Debug\BA.Clientes.Formularios.Master.resources
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\BA.Controllers.dll
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\BA.Models.dll
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\BA.Controllers.pdb
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\BA.Models.pdb
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\obj\Debug\BA.Clientes.Formularios.frmRegistrar.resources
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\bin\Debug\es-CO\BA.Clientes.resources.dll
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\obj\Debug\BA.Clientes.Formularios.frmRegistrar.es-CO.resources
c:\users\andresfeliperojaslop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\obj\Debug\es-CO\BA.Clientes.resources.dll
C:\Users\AndresFelipeRojasLop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BA.Clientes.Desktop\BA.Clientes\obj\Debug\BA.Clientes.Formularios.Form1.resources
